add dynamic config docs (#11048)
Minio-io/minio: docs/kms/README.md

```

### Using environment (deprecated)

> > NOTE: Following ENV might be removed in future, you are advised to move to previous recommended approach using `mc encrypt`. S3 gateway supports encryption at gateway layer which may thus be dropped in favor of simplicity, it is advised that S3 gateway users migrate to MinIO server mode or enable encryption at REST at the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: The following ENV might be removed in future, you are advised to move to the previously recommended approach using `mc encrypt`. S3 gateway supports encryption at gateway layer which may  be dropped in favor of simplicity at a later time. It is advised that S3 gateway users migrate to MinIO server mode or enable encryption at REST at the backend.
```
